# MatchBlaster
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/DKo_5aYRa68>
#### Description:
    In this game, you'll find yourself in a world of tiles, where your goal is to create the biggest chunk possible and blast them all for a new high score. The game starts off with a board that contains grids we determine the size of the board with 2 different variables called boardWidth, and boardHeight that are set to 10 in my example. Grids are able to contain a tile inside of them and the size of each grid can be controlled with the tileSize variable which is set to 64 in my example. At the start of the game, each grid contains a randomly selected tile. Tiles are randomly selected between 6 different tile types. Which are blue, brown, gray, green, red, and yellow. You'll have plenty of opportunities to strategize and create the biggest blast possible.

    In order to blast the tiles, simply click on them. The tile you clicked will be counted as the selected tile and will check if any adjacent tiles have the same type of tile as the one you have selected. If it finds a match, it will add that tile to the blast zone (a list consisting of all the tiles that will be blasted). This process will be repeated for each newly added tile recursively by the findMatches function, checking to see if any more tiles can be added to the blast zone. As you blast the tiles, the ones above them will drop down to replace the blasted ones and when the empty slot reaches the top of the board a new randomly selected tile will be ejected into that grid, creating an ever-changing landscape of tiles and new possible opportunities for you to break a new record.

    One of the most exciting aspects of this game is the randomness of the tiles. With each new game, you'll encounter a different grid of tiles, creating a unique challenge each time you play. Additionally, the randomly added tiles make it exciting to predict what your next move will be, adding an element of surprise and excitement to the game.

    As you blast away the tiles, you'll notice a counter on the right-bottom side of the screen. You have a limited number of moves to achieve a new high score, making the game both challenging and thrilling. To achieve the highest score possible, you'll need to think strategically and plan your moves carefully. While it may be tempting to click on any matching tile you see, taking the time to analyze the board and plan your moves will yield the best results.